Hey, what's going on?
I found a note on my door:
"Come to Monica's quick.
Bring champagne
and a 3 Musketeers Bar."
Yeah, I'll take that.
What's up?
Monica and I are engaged.
Oh, my God.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
Where is she?
I'm engaged!
Yeah. She's been
out there 20 minutes.
I'm surprised you didn't
hear her on the way over.
I thought it was
just a kid yelling
"I'm gay! I'm gay!"
Can I bring her in?
No, no. Let her
stay out there.
It's sweet.
I'm getting married!
I'm going to be a bride!
Man:
Shut up!
No, I will not shut up
because I'm engaged!
Man:
Just shut up!
Oh, big talk, huh?
Why don't you come over here
and say that to me, huh, buddy?
Yeah, my fiancé
will kick your ass!
Come on! Apartment 20!
Apartment 20!
Okay, you
get her in here.
You bolt the door.
I'll be in the closet.
♪ So no one told you
life was gonna be this way ♪
♪ Your job's a joke,
you're broke ♪
♪ Your love life's D.O.A. ♪
♪ It's like you're always
stuck in second gear ♪
♪ When it hasn't been
your day, your week ♪
♪ Your month,
or even your year ♪
♪ But I'll be there for you ♪
♪ 'Cause you're there
for me, too. ♪
Okay, wait, wait, wait.
Okay. Shh! Okay.
Um... I just
want to say that
I love you guys
so... so much
and... and thank you
for being here
on my special night.
( clears throat )
Our special night.
I mean, it just
wouldn't be my night...
our... our night
if you all weren't here
to celebrate with me.
Us. Damn it!
It's okay. I want this
to be your night, too.
To Monica.
No, come on.
Will you stop it?
Okay. To Monica!
All:
To Monica!
So have you decided
on a band for the wedding?
'Cause, you know,
I'm kind of musical.
Pheebs, honey,
she just got engaged
a couple of hours ago.
I doubt she's even had time
to think about...
Speaking of chiming in,
remember the time
you burned down my apartment?
Yeah, you're on your own.
You know what we should do?
We should all get dressed up
and go to have
champagne at the Plaza.
Oh, okay.
Yeah!
But I can't
stay too long.
I got to get up early for
a commercial audition tomorrow
and I got to look good.
I'm supposed to be
playing a 19-year-old.
What?
So when you said,
"Get up early"
did you mean 1986?
You guys don't think I look 19?
Oh, 19.
We thought you said 90.
Right.
Yes.
Okay, everybody,
let's go, let's go!
Okay.
Hey, is the rest
of my candy bar around here?
Oh, honey, no.
You ate it all.
Oh, I was
afraid of that.
Hmm.
You know what shoes
would look great with this ring?
Diamond shoes.
You're not getting dressed?
Know what I mean?
Yeah, but I don't think
we have time.
There's going
to be a wedding.
You're going
to be the bride.
200 people are going
to be looking at you
in a clean, white dress.
Let's do it.
Chandler, it happens
to lots of guys.
You-you... you were
probably tired.
You had a lot of champagne.
Don't worry about it.
I'm not worried.
I'm, uh... I'm fascinated.
You know, it's, uh...
it's like biology
which is funny because,
in high school, I, uh...
I... I failed Biology,
and tonight, biology failed me.
Check it out.
Okay, I could play this
while the guests
are coming in. Okay...
♪ First time I met Chandler,
I thought he was gay ♪
♪ But here I am singing ♪
♪ On his wedding day... ♪
Phoebe!
If you would
have let me finish
it goes on to say that
he's probably not gay.
Sure, you guys
don't have this problem.
You're made of wood.
Hey. You look great.
Oh, thanks.
You okay over there?
I don't know, you know?
I feel a little, um...
No, you know what?
Never mind.
I'm going to be fine.
Oh, don't worry about it.
I mean, you were probably tired.
You'd had a lot of champagne.
It happens to everybody.
Hey.
Hi.
Wow. Happy
Monica's night!
Well, thank you.
You, too.
Thanks.
Can you believe this?
Can you believe they
are actually getting married?
Well, sure, but I get married
all the time, so...
Oh...
You okay?
Yeah, I guess.
I-I...
I mean, you... Do you think
we're ever going to have that?
You mean "we," you and me?
Oh, no, no,
no, no, no, no.
"We"-- you with someone
and me with someone.
Oh, good. You
scared me a minute.
I know. Shake it off.
I mean, no... It's just...
It's just 'cause you and I
we were, you know...
like a nightmare...
( screams )
No, but there
were some good times.
No, absolutely, you know?
Like, there was, um...
Surely you can think
of something good.
Yeah, just give me a minute.
Oh, well, yes.
I can think
of one good thing.
What?
Well, you, um... You were always
really good at the, um...
at the, uh... stuff.
Yeah? I was...
I was good at the stuff, huh?
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep.
Yeah, and I really liked
your hands.
My hands?
Yeah.
Yeah?
( chuckling ):
Uh-huh.
Way to go, guys.
You know, you... you were
really good at the stuff, too.
Oh, I know.
Hey, you know
what we never did?
Oh, no, not that.
Uh... we never...
we never had a bonus night.
A what?
You know, a bonus night.
You know,
when two people break up
but then they get back together
just for one night.
One night, just... just sex?
No strings attached?
Yeah, yeah, we never had that.
No.
Okay, this is getting
a little crazy.
So, uh...
I mean, I'm...
I'm sure it would be amazing
but I got to say,
I really, really don't think
it would be a good idea,
you know?
I really...
really...
don't.
( video game sounds and music)
S'up?
S'up, dude?
Take whatever you want.
Just please don't hurt me.
So, you're playin'
a little PlayStation, huh?
That's wack.
PlayStation is wack.
S'up with the wack PlayStation,
s'up?
Huh?
Come on.
Am I 19, or what?
Yes. On a scale
from one to ten--
ten being the dumbest
a person can look--
you are definitely 19.
Come on, man, really.
How old?
Young.
You're a man-child, okay?
Now go get changed
because everybody's ready
and please, oh, please,
keep my underwear.
Well, thanks.
Okay.
Joe?
Yeah?
Uh...
you've had a lot of sex,
right?
When? Today?
Some. Not a lot.
Well, it's just
the reason I'm asking
is because I had kind
of a... uh...
I... I was unable to...
I mean, I really wanted to,
but I couldn't...
There... huh, hmm...
There was-there was an incident.
Don't worry
about that, man.
That happens.
It's happened to you?
Yeah. Once.
Well, what'd you do?
I did it anyway.
Phoebe, come on!
Let's go!
Come on!
Why aren't you dressed yet?
I'm sorry,
but I just wrote
the best dance song
for your wedding.
Check this out.
You know what, Pheebs?
I'll tell you what.
If you get ready now
I'll let you play it
at the wedding.
Really?
Yes.
Oh, that's
so exciting!
Thank you.
Thanks, Mon.
Oh, but, Mon
if you touch my guitar again
I'm going to have
to pound on you a little bit.
Fair enough.
Now go get ready.
Okay.
I'll get everybody else.
Finally, we can start
celebrating my...
( gasps )
I'm sorry. Apparently I've
opened the door to the past.
Okay, uh,
Monica, Mon...
Okay, what-what
you just saw...
Can I ask you
just a little question, huh?
Why tonight?
What?
See, I've been waiting
my whole life to be engaged
and unlike some people,
I'm only planning
on doing this once.
So, uh, you know,
maybe this is selfish
and I'm-I'm sorry about it
but I-I-I was kind of hoping
tonight could
just be about that.
Oh, honey,
but it is.
It is.
No, it's not. Now it's about
you and Ross
getting back together.
Rachel: What?
See, yeah--
you kind of stole my thunder.
Okay, ho-ho, we did not
steal your thunder
because we are not
getting back together.
Yeah-- no,
and-and you know what?
Nobody even saw.
Yeah.
That's true.
Honey, I swear,
we just kissed.
Ross:
It was just a kiss.
You guys kissed?!
What does this mean?!
Are you-are you
getting back together?!
Can I sing at your wedding?
Huh. Thunder being stolen!
Phoebe, it's nothing.
Monica, come on.
Look, let's not make
a big deal out of this.
It was a one-
time thing.
It doesn't
even matter.
Oh, my God.
I cannot believe you guys
are talking about this.
The problems in the bedroom
are between a
man and a woman!
All right? Now, Chandler
is doing the best he can!
I don't think
that's what
they were talking
about, Joe!
What a great night.
Chandler can't do it.
These guys kissed.
What?
What? You guys kissed?
Oh, this is huge.
No, no.
It's really not huge.
And people thinking it's
huge has led Monica
to believe that we are
stealing her thunder
which we are not.
Well, we're still talking
about it, aren't we?
Well, yeah, that
and Chandler's problem.
All right,
all right.
Monica, Monica, Monica,
listen, listen, listen.
Would it make
you feel better
if we all stopped talking
about Ross and Rachel?
Yeah, that
would be lovely.
You got it. Okay. Now--
I can pass for 19, right?
Yes, you can pass for 19.
Really?
Yes.
Seriously.
Seriously?
Seriously,
no, okay?
You can play your
own age, which is 31.
( gasps )
I'm 30!
Joey, you are not;
you're 31.
Aw, crap.
Okay, so the Plaza, okay?
We'll get us
some mai tais.
Maybe no more
for you, though.
You know what?
I think that
I don't feel like going
to the Plaza.
Why?
Monica, this is ridiculous.
I-I don't want
to talk about it.
I don't, I don't--
especially with you.
That is wack.
( guitar playing repetitively)
Yeah?
Okay... I think
I'll play it at the wedding.
Yeah. Well,
we'll see if they actually
let you play, huh?
I mean, they tell you
anything you want to hear
like, like, "You look 19"
and then they just take
it away, like, like--
"No, you don't."
Um, I don't think Monica's
going to take this away.
Wouldn't she?
Would she?
( sniffing )
( gasping )
You ate my candy bar!
( knocking )
Guess who?
Hey.
Hey, I just realized
we kind of left some
stuff up in the air.
What do you think
Monica meant when she said
"I don't want to talk,"
especially with me?
I mean, why not
especially you and me?
We were both out there kissing.
Still thinking about it, huh?
Come on, seriously, seriously--
what did she mean by that?
"Especially you."
Who cares?
I care.
And so do I.
You know what?
I-I have to go
talk to her.
Will you let me
just get changed?
Okay, sure.
Am I going to let you
watch me undress?
No.
I can't believe her,
you know?
It's-it's just,
it's so typical.
Now, Monica,
I know you're upset
but don't forget,
there is going to be a wedding.
You are going
to throw the bouquet
and then there's
going to be a honeymoon...
maybe in Paris.
Paris?
We will take a moonlit walk
on the Rue
de la Blehblehblehbloo.
Keep talking.
Then we will
sprinkle rose petals
on the bed
and make love
not just because
it's romantic
but because I can.
I love you.
Bonjour, monsieur.
Okay, don't
say anything.
You might scare it away.
( knocking )
It's Paris. Who
knows we're here?
Hi, Pheebs. What's up?
Okay. You said I could
sing at your wedding.
So, I'm just going to
need a small deposit.
What?
You know, just some
good-faith money
to hold the date.
Pheebs, we're not giving you
a deposit for our wedding.
Oh. I see.
They break your heart,
don't they?
You know...
I don't really need
their permission.
Yeah. If you want to sing
at their wedding
well, you sing at their wedding.
And if you want
to look 19, then you...
You got to do something
about your eyes.
What?
W-What's wrong with my eyes?
They give you away.
There's just...
there's too much wisdom
in there.
Just put some tea bags on
them for, like, 15 minutes.
That'll get rid
of my wisdom?
Maybe just ten minutes for you.
( knocking on door )
Oh, give her the deposit.
Give her the ring--
I don't care.
Yes?
Monica...
what did you mean before
when you said you didn't want
to talk to anyone,
especially me?
What a great apology
and you accepted.
Bye-bye.
No, no,
seriously, seriously
what was the
"especially me" part about?
Well, let's just say
it's not the first time
you've stolen my thunder.
What?
Hey, here's a thought...
Monica, what are
you talking about?
My sweet 16-- remember?
You went to third base
with my cousin Charlie?
Ah, third base.
It's all everybody
at the party could talk about.
Monica, you know what?
The only reason I did that
is because your party
was so boring!
( gasps )
We had a caricaturist!
Oh!
♪ Whenever I get married, guess
who won't be asked to sing ♪
♪ Somebody named Geller
and somebody else named Bing! ♪
Monica, your sweet 16
was, like, a million years ago.
And yet, here we are
doing it again.
Oh, Monica, I don't want
to steal your stupid thunder!
Please. Why else would you
have made out with Ross?
Got me.
All right.
Easy, Mimey.
The moment has passed.
It ain't going to happen.
I just thought it'd be nice
if I could have just
this one night.
I swear, I never wanted
any part of your night.
No one was supposed
to see us kissing.
Oh, is that why you did it
in the secret hallway
where nobody ever goes?
Uh, Rachel, I've
been thinking.
I don't think us getting
together tonight
is such a good idea.
I'm calling it off.
Way to save your dignity,
my man.
Monica, why, why, would I
ever want to take away
from your night?
I don't know, I don't know.
Maybe you're feeling
a little resentful.
Maybe, uh... maybe you thought
that you'd get married first.
Maybe you can't stand the fact
that your formerly fat friend
is getting married before you.
Oh, wow, that...
You know what?
that is so unfair.
You know what? Now I want
to steal your thunder.
Come on, Ross,
let's go have sex.
( scoffing )
I can't believe you're
going to have sex
on my engagement night!
Well, somebody should.
Look, uh...
if we're going to do this...
We are not going to do this.
She's just going
to think that we are.
I see, so everybody wins.
( knocking on door )
Who is it?
It's Monica, open up.
Okay, wait--
Ross, stop it, please.
Wait a minute!
Ow!
Yeah, you like that, baby?
May we help you?
I just wanted to say that I hope
you do have sex tonight
and I hope that you
guys get back together
but I must warn you,
the night that you
announce your engagement,
I'm going to announce
that I'm pregnant.
How is that ever
going to happen?
Monica, do you
want to know
why I was
with Ross tonight?
I know why!
No, you don't know why!
Okay, why?
Because. Because I was sad.
What do you mean?
Look, I am so,
so happy for you guys
but you getting married
just reminds me
of the fact that I'm not.
I'm not even close
and I don't know,
maybe I just wanted
to make myself
feel better
and I know that that's dumb
but, oh, my God
you were so depressed
when Ross got married
that you slept with Chandler.
I don't care--
she slept with me.
Anyway, sweetie, I-I'm
so sorry I ruined your night.
I'm sorry I almost made
you sleep with Ross.
Well, I'm going to take off.
Congratulations, man.
Thanks.
And, uh... Rachel.
Yeah?
Ross:
What can I say?
You missed your chance.
From now on, the only person
who's going to enjoy
these bad boys... is me.
♪ We thought
Phoebe would leave ♪
♪ But she just
stayed and stayed ♪
♪ That's right,
I'm here all night ♪
♪ And Chandler
will never get... ♪
Hey!
Here is a dollar.
Consider it a deposit.
Please sing at our wedding.
Oh, thank you.
Okay...
Thank you.
Oh, now...
♪ Who will perform
the ceremony? ♪
Oh-oh-oh.
All right, I'll pound
on him in the morning.